I'm gonna play hardcore minecraft nobody
plays hardcore minecraft that one life
only are you from series I'm gonna die
I'm gonna die like some glue brick
random ass skeleton Kim Jong hoon is
falling dead and this is what's
happening to need a house man wait I
need a house oh yeah I need a house I
need house I'll die who arrived right
goodbye dying this here be pissed bro I
see spider I'm done
holy God I'm so probably credibly scared
right now hot dude how do you do door Oh
black man close the door what I make
oh yeah pickaxe I'm such a pro miner
diny that song see scoop challenge
that's awesome I don't want to lose
though I kind of want to win you have to
give me money what is it
no I'm not playing this game what's that
noise herobrine are you you're joking
right I'm closing the game when did this
turn into war game diamonds right away
or do I turn on x-ray no what is that
that's creeper diamonds let's go dude
I win the battle of the ages I don't
know if I should
how much is this okay this oh my god
gave me more let's go three diamonds oh
yeah dude keep the bats hurt you oh my
god alright just die I'll kill us all
sure this alright they're young they are
the challenges boys that's what I'm
doing but this is perma death and I do
want to beat the ender dragon I want to
win the game I've never done it before
don't sure Matt don't like destroy me
okay don't let me live okay oh my god
everybody calm down he just gave me $200
on their dogs dropped entire inventory
so I guess I'll do that
lagging too hard for me daddy
all right 15 bucks thank you both have
to drop my no dude the armor - are you
sure let me keep the armor man this
isn't even worth the money I want to
play the table game to dig down but I
had to get pickaxe first that's not how
you're supposed to do it Shirley oh my
god I'm gonna die what he did so much
damage to me I need to eat died most
likely right like there is it yeah champ
pogchamp ur o buggers let's go I want to
win the game I'm trying about now he's
giving me honour to drop my scrubs I
don't even have anything on me yes
probably worst house I ever see it okay
relax room all my foods
drop item in hand I need this pick or
whatever I have enough iron II
brah I have half hearts too I'll dig
here dude there's two people saying dig
straight down okay I have to do it twice
so that's it I can't play it again
number two I guess kill gone for iron I
don't think I will
it's not right no where did you come
from I'm gonna die dude this is so
stupid
mr. date straight down hey drop the pig
I need the big okay I gonna make another
one right I have enough did twice the Yi
there we go boys buggers let me drop pic
I just dropped it okay I'll drop it I'll
make another
[Music]
bro I have nothing I'm literally poor
okay whatever I'm gonna stay optimistic
it's fine it's fine it's fine
the drop pick I'm gonna slap you boy
dude you're donating so much money to
ban you from donating this is ridiculous
a jerky this is my base now this is my
house is that surely a nice I like this
because it's minimalist okay I don't
think it's a good idea to go in here but
just in case I'm in check Oh nope nope
this is awesome challenge I enjoy this
is very fun I can't really see much
[Applause]
magic a creeper comes down the hall nah
I'm not gonna imagine actually I don't
think I will
ah you gave me under box dude you gave
me other bus to drop everything for I
probably won't get far
I feel bad I'm sorry f because he very
what do you mean drop what it was 75 9
100 but what where is aunt Ines
I'm simply for this wood though to be
fair 360 ps4 you never doubt tow man man
always good day diamonds my brother well
my problems
[Applause]
you know expire then you're 50 what's 50
wait what what what's no dude I'll dig
down I'll be fine
I better be fine I'm at 11 yep okay
we're good oh yeah I have to drop my
hotbar take it this hurts this is
painful
this is pain no now I'm holding the
rubber wood bro I'm not dropping the
pick I'm keeping the pick baby don't
call up your credit-card company please
dumb and I can't do this my diamonds man
I got a donation to dropped off our and
drop my inventory dude he's like he's
like ah you dropped the wood and that he
was like now I'm the alpha male I'm the
alpha male you will centimeters
inventory and I had seven diamonds I
should have just returned them to base I
should have just took them to base like
what am i doing like why do I subject
myself to torture I got 25 dropped the
iron I got 25 so I was gonna drop the
dirt because that's what I was holding
and now this guy Joe and then somebody
else donates 20 75 the bucket you guys
are actually making this incredibly hard
okay I'll make you mad bro I'm gonna go
back to base before somebody donates to
get me to drop all my problems is like
the farthest I've been in the game so
far I am going home
this is she'll protect me from creepers
as well that masami's this is scary it
doesn't hurt that much here okay word
what did I come in for my need to leave
epic we're going back how the hair doing
it do be growing some you dude
man you taking my pic bro [__] you I was
just about to go for obsidian bro I was
just about to go to the Obsidian I have
nothing now now I can't go to Epson now
I have to actually dig forever
I had to do it don't you want to go back
to when you had $500 refund your fund
refund I convinced them boy this how I'm
feeling right now
[Music]
[Applause]
do not give me 500 don't there you go
but it wasn't my pick
you are you pieces problem oh he knew
somebody would do it I knew somebody
would do when I refunded if I take these
damn work I worked so hard it's been
hours and hours an hour if you charge
back I will call the police if I wake up
and I get an email saying that you take
your money back I'm going to call the
police on the stream don't charge back
I'm raising the price I'm money for
hours and now I I don't even know why I
have that option let me respond to you
bro but I know you won't cuz you donate
it because every fun that's a price that
I might be okay with I don't think
anybody will donate five thousand I
would I would think I'd have to be
literally on the energy dude honestly
I'd offer kateri no I literally offer
Katarina I'd give her a platform to say
whatever she wants on my stream deed of
the Amir I know I'm digging straight
down bro I have to he gave me $50 on
bedrock bedrock bedrock is just some
people can value other stuff than other
people okay I'm gonna die here what what
is it my stone pickaxe but I don't know
five case any voice clever you saying
you got big wood okay if you give me a
five K I'll do it probably want you all
to work you fob a book oh this is even
worth the money anymore dude I just want
to play for Baba minecraft my fire
let me get that diamond baby look at oh
my god it's a lot of diamonds I just
want to live forever I don't think
anybody's gonna donate 200 just for my
inventory Oh
Who am I gonna feel so much better my
brain is deteriorating dude unless
they're diamonds is they're diamonds
[Music]
litems are gone I'm playing the coffin
dude that's it that's it I'm done it's
2:00 a.m. I'm going to bed
thank your being here thank you all
don't either stay you decima see a poor
dude thank yous if or you gave me so
much money the street thank you man I
appreciate it brofist